you need to use this free tool right now
to optimize Windows 10 and even Windows
11 for ultimate gaming and performance
with optimal settings and tweaks this
will work for any low mid or high-end PC
and you can also expect a boost in fps
and a much smoother Windows Experience
at the end of the video so let's get
into it but quickly guys if you want
your opinion any game that you play then
check out the gear up booster from the
link in the description as it provides
you with the optimal Network routes
giving you zero ping and packet loss in
every game so go down into the
description and download the Europe
poster now and now let's get back into
the video so as all of you guys can see
this is a fresh Windows 10 installed and
it comes with a lot of bloatware as you
can see right on the taskbar but this is
just the tip of the iceberg therefore we
are going to be going ahead and removing
a lot of that loadware as well as
optimizing the windows services and the
hidden settings within the windows
itself so the first thing that you want
to do is go down into the description of
this video and open up my website once
there go ahead and click on the Red
download button to download the
optimizer 15.8 once you have it
downloaded just put it on your desktop
and right click to run it as
administrator so now that the optimizer
has opened up we're going to be going
ahead and starting from the general tab
now for each of the setting if you don't
know what they do you can go ahead and
click on them and it will open up this
little dialog box and it shows you
exactly what they are doing then go
ahead and hit OK and then just follow
along with me to change the settings
that you need and leave the settings
that might prove harmful for your PC so
starting off go ahead and optimize the
performance do the same thing for the
optimizer Network however keep in mind
the disk makers increases in bing
sometime so if it does happen then just
go ahead and come back to the program
and disable it disable the error
reporting disable compatibility
assistant as well as print fax sticky
notes and smart screen most of these are
pretty self-explanatory but if you are
printing something or using fax which I
don't know why then of course you will
need to go ahead and enable these
Services as for the disk drives I would
not recommend disabling the system
restore point because it can proves
useful in many situations as for the
disable super fetch if you have a really
low end PC then I would not recommend
disabling it however if you have in
normal mid or high-end PC then you can
go ahead and disable the super fetch
then go ahead and do the same thing for
the disable hibernation this one is
highly recommended and as per the
disable NTFS timestamp I would just go
ahead and leave it as you can see that
disabling it can reduce the input output
operations on this but that is not the
case every time so I would just go ahead
and leave it as is and as for the
disable search of course you want to
disable it this will not completely
disable all of the search features but
just the search Service as for the apps
you want to go ahead and disable office
Telemetry same thing with Mozilla Google
Nvidia and the visual studio if you have
that installed as for the Privacy go
ahead and disable Telemetry task disable
media player sharing if you are in a
work environment where your PC is
connected to home groups then probably
just leave this one otherwise I will
just go ahead and disable it as for the
SMB V1 and V2 protocols if you click on
it it shows you that they used to work
but now they have been replaced by the
SMB V3 so all you need to do is just go
ahead and disable both of these as well
then we move on to the Windows 10
specific settings now for this one there
are a lot of things that you to do the
first one is disable my people just
leave this one it's really personal
preference enable long quads yes a
disability PM check yes if you click on
it it shows you that it bypasses the
secure Boot and TPM 2.0 requirement
allowing you to upgrade to Windows 11
which if you want to you can but I would
just still keep it disabled in case I
want to upgrade in the future all this
does is just import a single piece of
registry that's all disable sensor
Services yes then remove cost to device
yes enable classic volume mixer I would
just leave it as is and restore the
classic photo viewer of course yes I
want the classic Pro review then moving
on to the privacy settings and inside of
here just go ahead and use all of these
so go ahead click on them one by one and
they should be like this as for the
gaming once again enable game mode
disable Xbox Live and disable the game
bar for the touch you want to go ahead
and disable everything once again unless
you are using a touch display now for
the Windows update it's a little bit
interesting so what you want to do is go
ahead and disable the Microsoft Store
updates disable Insider service and
exclude the drivers from the updates
however you want to enable the automatic
updates and the reason we are going to
be going ahead and doing that is because
we want to go ahead and update your
windows first and then come back here
and then disable the automatic updates
so simply just go down to your start
menu go into your settings and then go
to the update and security inside of
here just go ahead and check your
updates and install them if you want so
go ahead and install those updates and
then come back here and then disable the
automatic updates as by the uwp apps so
these are all of the apps that are
installed on your PC right now and all
you can do is just select them one by
one or even just a bunch of them and
then uninstall them so for example I'm
gonna go ahead and uninstall the Ping
weather the Spotify Microsoft Skype
Microsoft Windows Maps Windows alarms
OneNote soon music mixed reality portal
so basically I'm gonna go ahead and
select all of those click on uninstall
hit yes and you get the idea it's going
to go ahead and remove all of those apps
that I have just selected and of course
you can always go ahead and revert this
by clicking on restore all of the uwp
apps which I really wouldn't recommend I
would just recommend going ahead and
removing as many of the unwanted apps as
you can then moving on to the startup
once again it's pretty self-explanatory
but I'm gonna run you through once again
so all you need to do is select the ones
that you want to remove from the startup
or loading up with your windows for
example I'm gonna go ahead and select
the Adobe Services Google Chrome updates
just keep in mind that you don't want to
remove anything that may need to start
up for your games for example Valerian
means the right fan God to start off
with windows so that is the reason why
I'm gonna go ahead and keep it as is and
once we have selected the ones that you
want all you need to do is click on
delete it yes and then it's going to go
ahead and remove all of those from the
registry as for the network there are
two things that I want you to do the
first one is Flash the DNS cache and
it's going to tell you that your
internet May disconnect momentarily but
it's completely normal I'm gonna go
ahead and hit no right now but you can
go ahead and hit yes and that will be
fine so the next thing that you want to
do is click on the open network
connections and inside of your right
click on your internet connection hit
properties once this opens up click on
configure and inside of you are going to
the power management make sure that all
of the these are unchecked hit OK and
now you can close out of this this is
going to make sure that all of the power
saving features on your network are
turned off giving you slightly lower
paying and an improvement in overall
Network then what you want to do is
click on this little finger right here
and for the domain name what I want you
to do is type in
1.1.1.1 and then click on PING this is
going to go ahead and ping the cloud
create DNS and it will show you the
average that you can see that you have
for that so it's going to go ahead and
think it nine times and the average
thing for this DNS was 60 for me and the
next one that we want to do is Ping the
Google DNS so remove this click on
8.8.8.8 and paint it once more and now
this one is going to go ahead and paint
the Google DNS and show us the average
latency that we're gonna be going ahead
and getting this is roughly equal to the
Ping that we will be getting within the
games by using these DNS so for me the
average here is 75 therefore for me
clearly the cloud trade DNS is the best
one so now what I want to do is click on
DNS open up the network connections once
more right click on it click on
properties and inside of you I want to
go ahead and open up the Internet
Protocol version 4 and use the following
DNS server address now for the preferred
one I want to use the
1.1.1.1 as this is the one that gave me
the least ping as per the alternate one
I want to use the
8.8.8.8 so if this one gave you the
least average ping then go ahead and put
it in the first box and the first one in
the second otherwise just go ahead and
copy me then go ahead and click on OK
hit OK once again and now you can close
out of this as for the host just go
ahead and completely skip this one same
thing for the registry I don't really
want you to go ahead and change anything
from here but the hardware is just going
to go ahead and give you all of the
information related to all of your
Hardware devices integrator nothing here
this is just the customizability options
for the optimizers which you can just go
ahead and Skip so right here it says
that restart and apply changes just go
ahead and restart your PC know that
everything is done here go and change
this one setting to completely optimize
your windows for ultimate gaming and
performance
[Music]